Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Did you get Karen's memo?
Yeah. She expects us to have
the sales projections by Monday?
We just got the numbers yesterday.
I hear you, man.
My weekend is now officially fu...
Excuse us.
I want you to know
that I take no pleasure
in what I'm about to do.
No!
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com.
Meanwhile, Hurricane Zoe has finally made
landfall on the coast of Rhode Island.
It is yet unclear if the Providence levees
will be able to sustain
a category-five storm.
The material damages could
be in the billions of dollars.
In other news, the Canadian
Prime Minister today announced
the construction of a
new high-security fence,
after 2073 became a record
year for illegal immigration.
It is estimated that already
12 million U.S. citizens
live in Canadian territory illegally.
Gasgo Oil unveiled its
third offshore platform
- on the former Arctic ice cap.
- Mute.
- Good morning, Mr. Larson.
- Good morning, Rachel.
This looks absolutely perfect.
Thank you.
- Morning, Rachel.
- Good morning.
What is this?
Real deal?
I thought a special breakfast was in order.
Three years.
That's the bacon anniversary, right?
I don't think I can
go back to that petri-shit.
I don't think we can afford not to.
Bacon.
My God.
- Shit. Unmute.
- Suspected terrorist attack.
Local authorities blame
the Sons of Tomorrow,
but the radical Micronesian
nationalist group
has not yet claimed responsibility.
The device detonated in an R & D
lab of the biochemical giant Spiga,
causing at least a dozen fatalities and
an immediate drop in the company's stock.
It had to happen, today of all days.
Security at the office
is gonna be a shit show.
Hey, I'm glad they're
there to keep you safe.
Work.
News.
Spiga executive Elizabeth Krauss
addressed shareholders this morning,
after the company's stock plummeted
in the wake of the bombing.
Meanwhile, shares of
their chief competitor,
Inazagi Biodesign, soared to
a new high in early trading.
In local news, the latest
wave of food shortages
in the Red Zones has led to a 10% increase
in break-ins into Green
Zone residential areas.
Corporate security forces
recommend caution and vigilance,
especially in and around
perimeter checkpoints.
Over the past 40 years,
Spiga Biotech has been at the forefront
of the genetic-engineering revolution.
We designed seeds capable of thriving
in the increasingly harsh
environments of our planet.
Our pest- and
drought-resistant crops
are now sold in over 100 countries,
and our advancements in in vitro meat
have transformed the SynthFood industry.
- _
- Spiga. Committed to feeding
our ever-growing world.
Full cavity search for my friend here.
- Next.
- Hey, Roger.
These guys seem in an
especially pissy mood today.
Don't you watch the news?
Micronesian nationalists killed
a dozen of our guys today.
How can you be a nationalist
when your nation's under water?
I know, it's like calling
yourself a New Yorker.
Nationalists, my ass.
Word is it was Inazagi agents.
Inazagi? You think they'd dare to?
They're making a play for the Asian market.
I'm telling you guys, this
was no terrorist attack.
This was sabotage.
Step out of the scanner, sir.
Place your briefcase on the slab, slowly.
We've got a code six down here.
Looks like some kind of malware.
- Doesn't seem to be booby-trapped.
I'm gonna open it.
I'm turning it on now.
God, I want you in my mouth.
False alarm. It's just food porn.
Loser.
The Everclear software scans
the subject's brainwaves
and translates them into images.
Literally shows you what they're thinking.
Most importantly, what they're dreaming.
Traitors. They can't lie
in their sleep, right?
What's the accuracy?
We're at 65%... for now.
Will that hold as the subject sleeps?
Um, no. No, we expect to
lose ten points during R.E.M.
What happened yesterday in Jakarta...
someone's gonna end up in
the Quiet Room for that.
Do you understand what that means?
Well, we've all heard stories.
If you really knew, you
wouldn't send anyone my way
on a 55% chance he's guilty.
- We would never run...
- I am as disappointed
as you are, sir.
55%'s unacceptable.
We'll pick up the pace. That's a guarantee.
Is there a problem?
No problem.
Everclear's learning.
- It'll hit 75% in 6 months.
- Good.
But not before.
What are you trying to say, Ben?
Just that maybe you should be careful with
the promises you make, especially to him.
I mean, we've all heard stories, right?
What's your name?
It's Theo.
This is real tobacco, Theo.
No sawdust.
And where does a little shit
like you get something like this?
I like you, boy.
Can't make a buck in
this world without a bit
of an entrepreneurial spirit
and a big set of balls.
But if I let any punk
with a set of balls and a pack
of smokes sell in my backyard...
well, then supply is gonna exceed demand.
That creates what's known
as a zero-profit condition.
That's no good for anybody,
especially me.
So this...
This is what I like to call
a strategic entry deterrent.
What the hell happened to you?
You did that?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I did.
Show me.
Not bad, kid.
How'd you like to make some money?
Aaron, stop!
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
I just... I lost track.
This whole Jakarta thing...
- everyone's been...
- Hey, it's fine.
Really.
You're here. We're here.
Champagne... your best Norwegian.
Right away, sir.
Better enjoy this while I still can.
What do you mean?
I got some news today.
The permit. It came through.
- The permit?
- From Spiga.
I'm gonna make an
appointment with their OB-GYN.
He's gonna remove the IUD.
Pulling the goalie.
- Wow.
- What?
That's...
What's wrong?
Nothing. It's great.
It's great. I just... I thought...
we'd have to wait much longer,
you know, until I made it
to the 40th floor, at least.
Well, then it's good news, right?
It means they like you.
It's not so hard to believe.
I'm still trying to wrap my head
around the fact that you like me.
Come on, Ben.
You've got a charm switch.
I've never seen it off.
- What does that mean?
- Nothing.
It's just you're... you're always so...
sunny.
And that's bad?
No.
I-I just... I wish it
were that easy for me.
Trust me.
It's harder than it seems.
I'm just asking you to call
off your troops, that's all.
This is just a case of crosspollination.
So they claim, Senator.
From where I'm sitting, it looks
like copyright infringement, theft.
And that warrants having
their fields torched?
You could convince them
to pay the royalties.
Our designs are giving these farmers
the biggest harvest of their lives.
Sure, of sterile seeds that
won't sprout, come next season.
Well, we have to protect our
intellectual property somehow.
I'm just trying to give you a
little friendly advice, Elizabeth.
My constituents...
Your constituents burnt
down three of our silos.
Exactly.
You're sitting on a powder keg here,
and you don't seem to realize it.
Answer me this, Senator...
what was the turnout in
this state last November?
I don't know. 25%.
22%.
So just ask yourself,
when the midterms come,
who are your constituents, really?
- Problem?
- No, no problem.
Bradley's a fool. He's not an idiot.
He just sometimes forgets
it's not the '30s anymore.
Look at those brushstrokes...
furious and desperate, in
a mad rush to pour himself
onto the canvas...
as if he were running out of time.
He was.
He shot himself a year later.
Poverty and suffering...
do you think you can create
great art without them?
They're powerful motivators.
I guess they are.
Maybe if he'd sold a painting,
he would have been a lesser
artist and a happier man.
I wonder if he would
have made that bargain.
So the Smithsonian caved?
Yep, just last week.
They fought and fought, ended up getting
half of what we offered them last year.
It's like you said...
poverty's a powerful motivator.
So, Laura...
how is she?
You know, you could ask her.
I'm asking you.
Maybe if you could convince
my own daughter to talk to me,
I wouldn't have to.
Bring out your inner beauty.
Bring out a more perfect you.
- And this is...
- Bruce.
The late Mr. Granger...
on our honeymoon.
So is it possible?
Well, they've got similar bone structure.
So...
sure, it's possible, if that's
what you and your fiancé want.
It is.
Mr. Salgado, are you aware
what the procedure will involve?
Yes.
So you understand that you
will look exactly like this man?
Yes.
Of course he understands.
Then could you please repeat back
to me what you think will happen?
Yes.
Look...
he wants the life that I can give him.
And he doesn't want to
go back to the Red Zones.
He understands that much.
Hey, babe.
She summoned me today.
She did? What did she want?
She wants to take you out for lunch.
So now you're her errand boy?
Well, I'm your husband
and her son-in-law.
Sorry.
Look, Laura, just meet her.
If she's gonna be a grandmother,
she has a right to know.
Right, 'cause she's got
grandmother written all over her.
Still, she's the only grandparent
this kid will ever have.
I'll think about it, okay?
So what are we doing tonight?
We were thinking about going
out for drinks after work...
Roger, a few of the guys.
You're welcome to join us.
Great, I could really use a drink.
Where's the fun gonna be?
They're thinking Southgate.
- Ben...
- I know.
I know, I'm sorry.
It's not my idea, trust me.
But you know how Roger rolls.
I can blow it off if you want me to.
No, no.
I'm... I'm tired, anyway.
You guys have fun.
Just be safe out there.
Yeah, I'll do my best.
- Love you.
- You too.
Aah!
Dr. Larson?
Your 11:00 is here.
I need a minute.
Send him in.
I think I found her.
I make these myself
every morning, you know?
I wake up at 6:00, and I make them
just how she likes them...
no crust, extra mayo.
Two for her, two for myself.
I like to know we're having the same lunch
while she's at school.
I'm just trying to give you a heads-up.
Things are about to get rocky around here.
That's not how this works.
You keep your head
down, you enjoy the life,
you blend in.
That's what I taught you.
That's how we stay alive.
You know how long I've
been looking for her?
Now she's been transferred
back to Milwaukee,
but who knows for how long?
I got to get to her.
So what are you gonna do?
Get myself a promotion.
Don't be fu... ing stupid.
The higher up you go, the less
you can hide. It's impossible.
You told me it was impossible to get to
management at all, but here I am, so...
Kids, man...
they change your life.
They set your priorities straight.
You'll see.
It starts tonight. Just watch your back.
Gentlemen!
Are you ready for some good,
old-fashioned debauchery?
- Yeah!
- Southgate, baby!
Whoo!
What is he... did you invite him?
- Sure.
- You're working him, right?
- Just burying the hatchet.
- Right.
Hey, you like my tits?
Hey! Where are you going?
Hey, come back! Asshole!
- Hey, Rog.
- Keep an eye on my boy's car.
You got it.
Go ahead, I'll catch up inside.
- Sure thing, you degenerate.
- Hey, you're partaking, too.
Hey!
Hey! What am I, invisible?
- Hey, hey!
- Cash only out here.
Hey, asshole!
Your friend sent these over.
What?
- Jangkar?
- It's Indonesian.
Inazagi fu... ers.
After what happened in Jakarta,
we figured you guys could use a drink.
- Cheers.
- Suck my dick.
- Don't drink it.
- Sorry, it just...
Ladies!
Don't ever say I never
did anything for you.
Here is some primo, triple-A,
thank-God-it's-Friday blur.
- Come on.
- Come on!
- Drink up.
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
- And another!
- Come on, again!
- Come on!
- Do it again!
- Yeah, come on.
- Come on, go!
Whoo!
- Somebody's blurred out.
- I got him.
Come on.
Let's go, all right.
- Hey, Ben.
- Yeah.
- I'm not an asshole.
- I know.
You know, it's just the pressure.
They got your balls in a vise
and they just never let go.
I know. Come on!
- All right.
- I don't feel so good.
Just a minute!
- In a minute.
- Come on.
- In a minute!
I think I'm done.
One more.
Hang on!
- What was that?
- What was what?
Come on.
Let me guess...
pitcher, catcher?
- Funny.
- Ho, where you going?
There are so many more
puns where that came from.
I haven't even started.
What are you guys doing?
Wow.
Who are you?
I'm Ben.
Come on.
Shoot. You think you can make it back?
I... Yeah, yeah.
- Why?
- I-I forgot something.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
Protect our resources, burn your future.
Join the Inazagi Corporate Army.
Protect our resources. Burn your future.
- Heads up.
- Join the Inazagi Corporate Army.
Hey, suit.
- You're new.
- You're old.
See this?
Not my blood.
18.
Yeah?
It's me.
- Hey, Aaron.
- Theo.
- What are you doing here?
- Getting the usual
warm and fuzzy welcome, I gue...
What's that?
- What happened?
- Nothing.
- What do you mean nothing?
- It... it's from training.
I've started training.
You mean for the cage?
That's insane.
- That's not what Terrence says.
- Terrence?
Yeah, Terrence.
He's the guy around here.
He says we're gonna make a
shitload of money together.
No, he'll make a shitload of money.
You'll end up shitting
yourself on some street corner.
What do you want me to do?
Join one of the corporate armies?
Get blown to pieces in
a gas field in Siberia?
I bet you miss these.
I bring you cigarettes, Theo... real ones.
There's good money there.
Yeah, and what do you
think got me into trouble
with Terrence in the first place, Aaron?
It's Ben.
Yeah, sure, I'll call you Ben,
as long as you don't forget Aaron.
I don't.
Is that... is that her?
73% chance.
I've never even come close to 40% before.
- So you found her?
- I might have.
- Where is she?
- If it is Elena...
My sister. Where is she?
That's a group of girls
being escorted to Arcadia.
- New girls.
- That's a...
- It's an executive club.
- Yeah, sure.
Keep telling yourself that.
- She's a sex slave.
- Theo.
- Can you get in here?
- Not at my level.
- And not till I get a promotion.
- You fu... ing suits.
And not till I get to the 40th floor.
Access is restricted to senior execs.
It's been six years.
I know.
Tell me you got a plan.
What's that?
Opportunity.
Position's about to open up on the 40th.
Well, you got her in there,
so you better get her out,
for your sake and the sake of
that dumb piece of ass you got...
Careful.
You see, Ben...
you're already forgetting.
Here it is, The Whistle.
I thought you were on the Everclear team.
I am, but after Jakarta,
bosses are scrambling.
They're fast-tracking any
anti-riot tech in development.
Natives are getting restless?
- Looks like it.
- Sign here.
They're keeping it
exclusively nonlethal, though.
Yeah, for now.
The Whistle.
See if you can
stabilize the inhibitors,
'cause the pitch always
ends up frying the circuits.
I'll see what I can do.
What now?
Mr. Larson's here to see you.
Send him in.
Ben.
Crazy night?
I woke up with this splitting headache...
How can I help you?
I've been thinking about Everclear,
how to speed things up.
You know, the learning process
is just a matter of manpower
and putting in more hours.
Tell me something I don't know.
Well, what I'm suggesting
here is double shifts.
I'm happy to do overtime.
Come in on weekends,
get more test subjects.
Sure, and go over budget and...
We could bring in volunteers
from the Red Zones.
Shouldn't be too expensive.
The security clearance
process would be a nightmare.
Look, Ben, I need to...
Are you okay?
I'm... I'm fine. Fine, I just...
Excuse me a second, will you?
Sir, are you all right?
Mr. Peterson?
M-Mr. Peterson?
- How are you feeling?
- Fine, thanks.
Can I get you anything?
Some water? Coffee?
No, you cannot.
Are you sure?
No, I'm fine, thanks.
You okay?
Yeah, yeah. Where were we?
Um, Everclear. So...
The flight is nine hours,
but it is totally worth it.
They have the most beautiful
beaches just outside of Reykjavik.
So you mean to tell me you don't miss it?
- Ma'am, a package for you.
- Thank you.
What... the ungodly hours,
the mind-numbing quarterly meetings?
Every frickin' day.
What's wrong?
- Is that...
- Henry's.
Bastard's been slumming again...
screwing that Red Zone
slut he has out there.
And he got himself kidnapped.
Idiot.
Serves him right.
They just can't help themselves, can they?
So what'll you do?
Pay, I guess.
But not just yet.
Let him sweat it out a little bit longer.
My girl's here.
But you know what? You should call her.
- Henry's gonna need a new ear.
- Maybe I will.
Same time next week, Elizabeth.
- Hello, Laura.
- Hi, Marsha.
- Hi, honey.
- Mom.
So glad you could make it.
You look lovely.
Thanks.
You know, it's customary in polite society
to return the compliment.
You look your age.
Is that your professional opinion?
It's the nicest thing I can say.
Well, nothing wrong with that, right?
It's part of the point, really.
- Nothing to hide.
- You of all people.
All right, we always seem
to get off on the wrong foot.
I just wanted to know how everything is.
What's going on in your life.
Ben and I, um...
we got the permit.
We're gonna get pregnant.
Well, that's fantastic.
That's spectacular news.
I'm gonna be a grandmother.
It's too bad there won't
be a grandfather around.
Laura, you know I miss your
father as much as you do.
Right, but we're not
both equally responsible
for his absence, are we?
What? I thought you had nothing to hide.
Well, maybe I do have something to hide.
Maybe it's not just a coincidence
that a junior executive
such as your husband
would receive an approved permit so soon.
- You didn't.
- Why not?
You may not believe this,
but I care about you.
God. You just cannot
help yourself, can you?
You have to stick your fingers in
everything, make it all about you.
I was just trying to help.
I don't need your help.
Mom, I am not a child.
- I am an...
- An adult?
Last time you were an independent adult,
I received a piece of
my daughter in the mail.
- And...
- You know what?
This is my fault. It is, really.
How could I expect it to go any other way?
Laura. Laura, please.
- Next.
Next.
Next. Step up, sir.
- Whoa!
- Everyone back!
Please step out of the scanner, sir.
Whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, there must be a mistake.
- It's just...
- _.
What is it? What does that mean?
Excuse me...
That's not... That's
not mine! That's not mine!
Don't you understand? That's not...
I've never seen that before!
Sir. Sir. You can go now.
- I didn't take that! No!
- _
I've never seen that before! Please!
No! It's not mine!
Ben?
You're home.
Is everything okay?
Chad got fired today.
My God.
He must be in the Quiet Room by now.
What'll happen to his family?
I'll talk to Elizabeth.
She's not gonna help. You
don't know her like I do.
She's family.
No.
You and me, right here,
this is family.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Two days ago,
we buried 14 loyal men and women.
Yesterday we captured a rat.
Hell of a week.
It's heartbreaking to watch someone
bite the hand that feeds them.
- Spiga is a generous mother.
- Thank you.
It will feed you, dress you, protect you.
In exchange,
it only asks for hard work
and loyalty.
The alternative...
well, we all know Mr. Peterson's fate.
I'm afraid the stories you heard were true.
The good news, for all you
ambitious young men and women,
is that now we have an
opening on the 40th floor.
This opening is an opportunity...
- not just to serve this family,
but to enjoy all the perks and privileges
that come with a senior executive position.
Ready?
Give me a second.
We'll soon start evaluating candidates.
We live in troubled, uncertain times.
So the vetting process will be
extremely thorough and rigorous.
Those who have nothing to hide...
have nothing to fear.
Those who do should know...
we will not let another
traitor slip through...
not again.
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org